---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-16T16:57:07.567Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-16T16:40:55.012Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-16-2db2cdd0-52e0-4090-9c5e-ded23f95228b.md
published: true
url: 2db2cdd0-52e0-4090-9c5e-ded23f95228b/index.html
_type: Article

---
We have been diagnosing and fixing problems with real estate titles since 1997\. When the person on title is dead or disabled, we clear the title so the real estate transaction can go ahead. We have relationships with title companies, the courts, and government offices that allow us to clear even the toughest title problems quickly. We also handle property line issues, buyer-seller disputes and disputes with lenders and all types of real estate litigation.
When someone dies without a trust, whether they have a will or not their property has to be transferred through the formal court process known as probate. The probate process consists of five steps. First, we petition the court to appoint a personal representative. Second, we gather together all the assets. Third, we publish notice to creditors and receive their claims. Fourth, we distribute the property as required by law. Fifth, we file documents with the court to close the probate.
Probate litigation becomes expensive and painful when it is contested. We have seen too many families torn apart when people who already have children get remarried and don't prepare for what happens when they die. In those situations, there are many ways you can choose to handle your property, but please, please, please make a choice and make it legal. For more information, visit AmIPrepared.com or call (801) 558-2527\.